# Unsupervised Named Entity Disambiguation for Low Resource Domains

This repository contains the code for our paper titled **"Unsupervised Named
Entity Disambiguation for Low Resource Domains"**, accepted at EMNLP 2024.

The methodology introduces an unsupervised approach for Named Entity
Disambiguation (NED) using fuzzy text search and graph-based candidate
selection techniques. This approach is tailored for low-resource settings where
labeled data is scarce or unavailable.

The code for the NED pipeline will be updated soon. Stay tuned!

## Abstract

In the ever-evolving landscape of natural language processing and information
retrieval, the need for robust and domain-specific entity link- ing algorithms
has become increasingly apparent. It is crucial in a considerable number of
fields such as humanities, technical writing and biomedical sciences to enrich
texts with semantics and discover more knowledge. The use of Named Entity
Disambiguation (NED) in such domains requires handling noisy texts, low re-
source settings and domain-specific KBs. Existing approaches are mostly
inappropriate for such scenarios, as they either depend on training data or are
not flexible enough to work with domain-specific KBs. Thus in this work, we
present an unsupervised approach leveraging the concept of Group Steiner
Trees (GST), which can identify the most relevant candidate for entity
disambiguation using the contextual similarities across candidate entities for
all the mentions present in a document. We outperform the state-of-the-art
unsupervised methods by 40-50% in terms of Precision@1 across various
domain-specific datasets.

## Installation

Instructions for installing the required dependencies will be provided in the
upcoming release.

## Usage

Detailed usage examples will be available soon. Check back later for more
updates.

## Contact

For any questions or feedback, feel free to open an issue or reach out via
email at [debarghyad@iitbhilai.ac.in](mailto:debarghyad@iitbhilai.ac.in).
